# References #

The Journal of Ambient Intelligence and Smart Environments (JAISE) serves as a forum to discuss the latest developments on Ambient Intelligence (AmI) and Smart Environments (SmE). Given the multi-disciplinary nature of the areas involved, the journal aims to promote participation from several different communities covering topics ranging from enabling technologies such as multi-modal sensing and vision processing, to algorithmic aspects in interpretive and reasoning domains, to application-oriented efforts in human-centered services, as well as contributions from the fields of robotics, networking, HCI, mobile, collaborative and pervasive computing. This diversity stems from the fact that smart environments can be defined with a variety of different characteristics based on the applications they serve, their interaction models with humans, the practical system design aspects, as well as the multi-faceted conceptual and algorithmic considerations that would enable them to operate seamlessly and unobtrusively.
JAISE focuses on both the technical and application aspects of these.

# A #

...
# G #

## GUPTA, R. ##

* Gupta, Ram K. (ed.) (2023). 'Flexible and Wearable Sensors: Materials, Technologies, and Challenges'. First edition. Boca Raton, Florida, U.S.A.: CRC Press (an imprint of the Taylor & Francis Group, LLC). DOI: 10.1201/9781003299455. ISBN 9781003299455 (ebook).



# H # 

## HUGHES, R. ##

* Hughes, Robert (1980). 'The Shock of the New: Art and the Century of Change'. First edition. London, England, U.K.: British Broadcasting Corporation. ISBN 0563177802.
